hi to all guys apple tree in this
star wars and in this
particular episode I will show you
the unboxing of this product very much
magic that I got from m I do not want
open a small parenthesis speaking
two guards just put two
seconds then I'm getting more and more
satisfied with the quality of the products e
of the amazon.it service
also because since I did the
amazon prime promotion not only not
words expeditions even if they do not exceed 19
euros but the spezzine were very, very much
faster the examples themselves
this package I ordered yesterday
afternoon and I arrived this morning
shortly after lunch time then less
24-hour dispatch of equal Italy
so this is really good
small premise we go to a box will be
see what it is
and what the unboxing will hide is it
of the complete collection in eight disks
in harry potter blu ray everyone else
film and then as object the offer is
excellent because we say in stores
normal this you here in blu ray lo
found on 50 euros 49 50 euros
if you're lucky I give it to you
paid 38 euros and 70
then or shoots saved on 10 euros
I must say good savings and it is me
arrived in a day there is savings
so much money for gasoline or money
buses let's say why they have big
that is, there are no such centers
if I were to go somewhere
other part over 50 euros of the del
product is also due to pay money for
the petrol or for the ticket of the
so coaches and transport could
understand how satisfied he was with
this article is the packaging
contains you know well the eight blu ray plus
some special content for something
like 3 thousand
of harry potter hours of beautiful magic
nice nice is that enough then that cool
look if you see in the reflection you can
see wait if you notice reflections yes
can always in my video camera the
webcam is recording hi webcam
so guys the unboxing was this e
I repeat, he hasn't arrived in less than 24
hours with a belief 10 percent 11 for
one hundred percent off shops
normal I saved 10 euros and then
I really recommend you as amazon but
not just these rome items any
what because materially summed up of
all prices and 95 percent very
more advantageous than normal stores
so this episode now is
ends here we do not give ourselves to the next
episode and bye bye